Why haven't Lan Lan and the others come back yet?
This isn't going to be anything wrong, is it? Don't worry.
He has three brothers
Mom and Dad, we're back.
What are you doing?
Look at it, it's still like a child.
Haha dad
This is all the third brother's idea
I'm sitting here
Not a granddaughter
granddaughter
Are you still a granddaughter father? I will also testify
It's all our brother's ghost idea
Sister, are you going to report your brother too?
Brother will be sad
They are outside
Is your ex-husband bothering you again?
Yeah, but...
He doesn't know yet that I'm the material lady
I thought I was with my eldest brother and second brother
The third brother is not clear
Now?
I guess I'm just wondering what to do at the door
Then you wait for him to bully you.
How is that possible?
I have already asked my brother to release the news.
Who can send that land in the eastern suburbs?
It is Gu Ruicheng, our partner of the Su family.
I've been waiting for this opportunity
As long as he starts
It must be lost
How's it going now?
Big brother reports to us